the mental relationship is a very personal one. And, you know, being able
thio, rely on your mentor toe, have your best interests at heart.
Being able to trust your mentor is a paramount importance in that
relationship. So if you find yourself in an antagonistic relationship
with your mentor, that is probably a sign that you need to find a
different mentor. Your mentor relationship should be a really positive
relationship in your life. It doesn't mean that you're never going
to disagree with your mentor or that there may be going to give you
advice that you don't like. Um, but you should never doubt that your
mentor is, ah, 100% in your corner and really wants the best for
you. So if you are feeling like you're not sure that's true, you probably
need to find a different mentor.